And I'm not done one of the slides, but can you also see this or is that visible? Yep, can see that come thank you. And yeah, SO #um I work NCDS and the event streaming colour and it's been renamed into only now but #um.  Basically, #um I would say my team were all based in Glasgow and well the ones I directly work with they're all based in Glasgow and. And I work under a data analyst and so basically I've been doing a lot of data work for my dissertation. And here I've just sort of listed the main outputs I've been working on and so I would say most of these involve data so #um the event tax on me framework was one of the first things that I'd #um.  Join the department. And this is just basically a lot of presentation work and basically we propose like a. A data model for the wider bank to use and basically it's all related to everything it is related to Omni, which is this new system that CDS is introduced and basically is transaction money edge to track where it payment is on its journey.  I would say on my day-to-day work side of things and my tasks are gonna split. I do a lot of data work under industry because my my main her she's and sort of the day work side of my job. And then I work under Malay manager, Finley you get me sort of like exposure to high level sort of things so.  Here I talk about the WSR weekly ownership so basically and. This is like a senior stakeholder kind of thing and they do like a weekly presentation and I've kind of been put in charge of. Organising the information, but that's the case that I work with teams all over CDS still sort of collate and collaborate the information onto one slide deck.  It means that using a lot of good exposure into like how this department has actually runs. I think it's been a very good rotation to start with take out of #um. So getting like a lot of information and about the wider bank and sort of.  Where this department fits into, which is quite a lot of places because like CDS is very it's widespread. I think like there's three grads for me now and credit card and we all work in different pillars of CDS we all do very different things so I think it's. Quite an interesting department for you still rotate to because there's a lot of.  Exposure to like you can like you can do Python work you can do Java work you can do like data model and work there's. Very much access to a lot of things I would definitely recommend this rotation to everybody. #um, I can go next so I work in CDS as well. I'm in another pillar called corporate data modernisation. #um.  I work with a data curation squad so we're transforming raw corporate data into reusable data models. So there's a lot of data about looking again and so we're working on creating logical data models and physical data models. There's where currently there is four data products that we're working on, but I think whoever comes into the next location there's like still quite a lot more data models to work on.  And we've got deadlines at the end of February, so it's been really busy after Christmas. We've got like a lot of new things mainly #um my mentor overlooks like all of the data products. So he's kind of in like all like meetings #um.  Like last week, I've had calls from 10 to 12 and then from like 2 to 5 so it can be really busy. #um in terms of actual work #um we have date daily data honours calls as well. #um the tools that we use so we use ER studio and then it's a lot of Excel as well. Even with ER studio, there's an Excel template that we put all the data into and then just load it up onto your studio. So there isn't much technical work, but #um yeah.  So I mainly work with data and analysts and there is quite a lot to learn and it is very interesting. There's a lot of documentation as well, so we work with um. The the prototyping team and do a lot of source of target mapping as well.  And if you've done computer sciences, you need a lot of like data base work and it's very simple gatecomings work. And other than that, it's like maintaining documentation, keeping like the confidence pages up to date. And the version control is kind of done with the keeping all the current data models up to date in there as well.  But yeah, like cares that there's a lot of different departments and a lot of different type of work you can do and it's been really interesting and it does keep you busy. At the start, it was kind of slow and like when I first had the when we first had the call, I couldn't really have a long work done, but now it's really good. My mentor is really nice as well.  He does give me a lot of work to do and a lot of support. I don't directly work under my line manager, so we don't really speak that much. It's mainly under my mentor, but.  Yeah, that's me. I take up the last technology analyst, so I also work within CDS and I come under the AIML pillar. I think my location is quite technical in nature because there's another grad in my team, a technology developer, and we kind of have very similar things to do.  Um, In the initial stage of my rotation, I was just given like a POC to work on. So a project which didn't really have any deadlines, so kind of just getting me started on, on some work. That POC was dealing with an LLM model trying to convert some SQLs into snowflake.  And so recently after our PI planning, I've asked for more work to do with the BA Utah tasks. So they've given me more work for that. Um, which is again more like development work, creating a CR for some things.  Um, So work with like, um, the cheap, the cheap board and like, you get tickets aside, so I would say it's pretty similar to what a developer would be doing. Although, I think you can ask, like, uh, people either, so my people leaders add and you can ask him for, um, some other work that you might want to get involved in. I specifically asked for this.  So, um, yeah, I would say if you're, if you like technical work, then this would be a pretty good rotation for you. Um, yeah, and we work with like a lot of AWS, like um, AWS, so like a stage maker and like within the service catalogue and this rotation has also kind of helped me understand like how applications go into production, as well as like how like platforms are managed because that's what like my team does mostly. And although, um, everyone in my team has been quite busy, so it is hard to get support, although they they are very nice.  So when, when you do, Eat. It's just been hard to get hold of them. Yep But all of a sudden, like that's everyone. 